Fusion frequency tables (#49)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/README.md

| [`fusion_filtering`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/fusion_filtering) | `pbta-fusion-arriba.tsv.gz` <br> `pbta-fusion-starfusion.tsv.gz` | Standardizes, filters, and prioritizes fusion calls | `results/pbta-fusion-putative-oncogenic.tsv`(included in data download) <br> `results/pbta-fusion-recurrent-fusion-byhistology.tsv` (included in data download) <br> `results/pbta-fusion-recurrent-fusion-bysample.tsv` (included in data download)
| [`fusion-summary`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/fusion-summary)| `pbta-histologies.tsv` <br> `pbta-fusion-putative-oncogenic.tsv` <br> `pbta-fusion-arriba.tsv.gz` <br> `pbta-fusion-starfusion.tsv.gz` | Generate summary tables from fusion files ([#398](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/issues/398); [#623](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/issues/623)) | `results/fusion_summary_embryonal_foi.tsv` (included in data download) <br> `results/fusion_summary_ependymoma_foi.tsv` (included in data download) <br> `results/fusion_summary_ewings_foi.tsv`

> | [`fusion-frequencies`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/fusion-frequencies) | `fusion_filtering/results/pbta-fusion-putative-oncogenic.tsv` <br> `independent-samples/results/independent-specimens.wgs.primary.tsv` <br> `independent-samples/results/independent-specimens.wgs.relapse.tsv` | Gather counts and frequencies for fusion per cancer_group and cohort |`putative-oncogene-fusion-annotated-freq.json` <br> `putative-oncogene-fusion-annotated-freq.tsv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`fusion-frequencies`](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/fusion-frequencies) | `fusion_filtering/results/fusion-putative-oncogenic.tsv` <br> `independent-samples/results/independent-specimens.rnaseq.primary.eachcohort.tsv` <br> `independent-samples/results/independent-specimens.rnaseq.relapse.eachcohort.tsv` | Gather counts and frequencies for fusion per cancer_group and cohort | None
```

`putative-oncogene-fusion-annotated-freq.json` and `putative-oncogene-fusion-annotated-freq.tsv` are not used by other modules.
